#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
--find-links=https://download.pytorch.org/whl/torch_stable.html

app-store-reviews-reader==1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
apscheduler==3.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
atlassian-python-api==3.8.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.9.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   reddit-rss-reader
blis==0.4.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
cachetools==4.2.1
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   zenpy
catalogue==1.0.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sacremoses
    #   uvicorn
cymem==2.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
deprecated==1.2.12
    # via atlassian-python-api
elasticsearch==7.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastapi==0.63.0
    # via -r requirements.in
feedparser==6.0.2
    # via
    #   app-store-reviews-reader
    #   reddit-rss-reader
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
flask==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core==1.26.3
    # via google-api-python-client
google-api-python-client==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth==1.28.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
google-play-scraper==0.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.53.0
    # via google-api-core
greenlet==1.0.0
    # via sqlalchemy
gunicorn==20.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.12.0
    # via uvicorn
httplib2==0.19.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   tldextract
importlib-metadata==3.10.0
    # via
    #   catalogue
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   transformers
itsdangerous==1.1.0
    # via flask
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via flask
joblib==1.0.1
    # via sacremoses
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via jinja2
mmh3==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
murmurhash==1.0.5
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
numpy==1.20.2
    # via
    #   blis
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   torch
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.1.0
    # via
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   requests-oauthlib
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   transformers
plac==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
praw==7.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
prawcore==2.0.0
    # via praw
preshed==3.0.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
presidio-analyzer==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
presidio-anonymizer==2.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
protobuf==3.15.7
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   googleapis-common-protos
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pycryptodome==3.10.1
    # via presidio-anonymizer
pydantic==1.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   packaging
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   searchtweets-v2
    #   zenpy
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apscheduler
    #   google-api-core
    #   tzlocal
    #   zenpy
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   searchtweets-v2
reddit-rss-reader==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2020.11.13
    # via
    #   presidio-analyzer
    #   sacremoses
    #   transformers
requests-file==1.5.1
    # via tldextract
requests-oauthlib==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   atlassian-python-api
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   app-store-reviews-reader
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   prawcore
    #   reddit-rss-reader
    #   requests-file
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   searchtweets-v2
    #   spacy
    #   tldextract
    #   transformers
    #   update-checker
    #   vadersentiment
    #   zenpy
rsa==4.7.2
    # via google-auth
sacremoses==0.0.44
    # via transformers
searchtweets-v2==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
sentencepiece==0.1.95
    # via -r requirements.in
sgmllib3k==1.0.0
    # via feedparser
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   apscheduler
    #   atlassian-python-api
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   protobuf
    #   python-dateutil
    #   requests-file
    #   sacremoses
    #   websocket-client
    #   zenpy
slack-sdk==3.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
soupsieve==2.2.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==2.3
    # via presidio-analyzer
sqlalchemy==1.4.6
    # via -r requirements.in
srsly==1.0.5
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
starlette==0.13.6
    # via fastapi
thinc==7.4.1
    # via spacy
tldextract==3.1.0
    # via presidio-analyzer
tokenizers==0.10.2
    # via transformers
torch==1.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
tqdm==4.60.0
    # via
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   transformers
transformers==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
tweet-preprocessor==0.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
typing-extensions==3.7.4.3
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   pydantic
    #   torch
    #   uvicorn
tzlocal==2.1
    # via apscheduler
update-checker==0.18.0
    # via praw
uritemplate==3.0.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   elasticsearch
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.15.2
    # via -r requirements.in
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==0.8.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
websocket-client==0.58.0
    # via praw
werkzeug==1.0.1
    # via flask
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via deprecated
zenpy==2.0.24
    # via -r requirements.in
zipp==3.4.1
    # via importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
